The air situation:

During the week, the [RU slur] underwent a rotation, the old and the bold ones returned again. Most efforts are now concentrated in the Northern operational zone and in the East. These are the most active areas for both fighter jets and bombers.

In the North, all the efforts of the [RU slur] come from the Belgorod region, from there they enter the DPR and Sumy and Kharkiv regions to strike, and they have a new duty zone where Su-30/35s are constantly hanging. In addition to an entire air defense division, they have also brought in new electronic warfare equipment, which we have not noticed before, but they can really interfere with the strike (GPS bombs can go out [missing their targets]). The groups for ground strikes are the same: 1-2xSu-35, 2xSu-34, but depending on the target, they change the group. It is worth noting that the number of X-59/69 and X-31 missiles used has decreased. In general, their tactics are still the same: when our aircraft are spotted, they still launch whatever they have and wherever they can, then another aircraft replaces them.

The Zaporizhzhia direction has been reinforced with ground-based air defense, namely, even more Buk's are concentrated near the line of defense, which is very difficult to work with, as JDAMs have become a familiar target for them, and Hammers are a bit difficult for them because of the short flight time and relatively low drop heights. However, they are testing a variety of electronic warfare and in some places they still manage to significantly reduce the accuracy of our bombs. They have removed the MiG-31, which was an AWACS [ДРЛО = "дальнего радиолокационного обнаружения"] [meaning it was used as an AWACS due to the long-range radar], and it flew a little bit, but that's enough, it does not last forever.

In total, there are three duty zones in the entire south, and they are all at sea.

The situation in the east is difficult, but it allows us to work. We have one Su-35 rooster stationed behind Mariupol, another one behind Donetsk and one in the Luhansk region. The groups that were on duty at the extremely low altitudes [ГМВ: гранично малих висотах] have been temporarily removed; they are testing the element of surprise and sometimes go hunting—that is, they jump out at the mouse and then return home. Hence, we conclude that it is not affordable to go to the extremely low altitudes [ГМВ: гранично малих висотах] (the [fuel] consumption is much higher, and Su eats a lot in general [Su has a high fuel consumption]) and the resource is not eternal either. Refineries are not forever for sure.

In accordance with the above, we conclude that the most difficult situation is now in the North, where all forces are thrown, because of the large number of UAVs, it is simply unrealistic to keep our air defense there, which is able to chase the [RU slur]. Also, I will not add a video here, but our birds have taken the role of “shepherds” to chase this flock, unfortunately, we cannot hang around all the time for the same reasons as above [fuel], but situationally, they do a pretty good job of driving them away. Fortunately, we have large missiles, and the guys are working at full capacity. However, I emphasize the defeated roosters that can shoot the entire ammunition/missiles [БК = "Боєкомплект"] in a single sortie, without capture [a lock], purely scaring us and forcing us to turn away [lobbing long-range air-to-air missiles without initial lock ("maddogging") to force UA jets to stop chasing then defend], meanwhile, the fool can literally walk parallel to the frontline .

The most pussy-resistant [daring] are Su-35s, which, instead of MiG-31s, try to keep us at a distance with their sights [radar], but when they are out of ammo, they are forced to turn away, or our cover forces them to do so- that's when the "golden minute" of calm to strike occurs. Taking advantage of the gaps in air defense, the [RU slur] allow themselves to get very close, and I am sure we will have the courage to hit them in the neck, I hint: additional means for this are coming.

FOR UNICUM: DO NOT POST VIDEOS OF OUR PLANES FLYING OVERHEAD, WHERE YOU CAN SEE EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE, IF YOU WANT THEM TO COVER YOU, BECAUSE ONE FUCKER EARNED 100 LIKES, AND THE GUYS CAN'T GO THERE NOW BECAUSE THE ROUTE WAS BURNED!!!!
DON'T SET US UP, THIS IS NO FUCKING JOKE...
